# 2020-10-20 Conda Community Meeting

****

[Meeting link](https://meet.google.com/owq-kbca-abk)

[What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/Chicago/2020-10-20/09:00/b/Conda%20community%20meeting)

[Last Meeting's Agenda and Minutes](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/tree/master/meetings)

## Attendees

* **Name (Initials) (githubid)**
* Matthew R Becker (MRB) (beckermr)
* Megan C. Yancy (MCY) myancy-anaconda
* Michael C. Grant (MCG) mcg1969
* Paul Ivanov (PI) ivanov
* Michael Sarahan (MCS)
* Cheng Lee (CHL) (chenghlee)
* Hameer Abbasi (HA) (hameerabbasi)
* Amy Williams (AW) (@awilliams-anaconda)
* Kale Franz (KF) @kalefranz
* Sebastien Awwad (SA) (awwad)
* Marcel Bargull (MB) mbargull
* Crystal Soja (CAS)
* Uwe Korn (UK) (xhochy)
* Filipe Fernandes (FF)
* Marcelo Duarte Trevisani (MDT) (marcelotrevisani)
* Connor Martin (CJM)
* Gonzalo Pe√±a-Castellanos (GPC)
* Eric Dill (EDD) gh: ericdill
* Peter Wang (PZW)
* Scopatz (SPZ)

## Agenda

* Welcome

### Announcements
* Meeting for 20201103: Move to 20201102 (Election day is 20201103)

### Standing Items

* Website: Check the draft for [text on the website](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gECzDW4QluEM2-00xrxoseKLD2MaD9k_xvcwj3cxtMg/edit#heading=h.j4l7zepliw4q
) so design process can continue with some actual content.
    * https://github.com/conda-incubator/assets/issues/2
    * Anaconda needs legal to sign-off on logo, etc.
    
* Conda Community Triage / Conda Triage team so community members and contributors can start helping?
    * Conda Constructor
        * GPC - @goanpeca (1-2 hours per week?)
    * Conda
        * KF
        * GPC - @goanpeca (1-2 hours per week?)
        * CJM
    * Conda-build
        * KF
        * CJM
        * FF (ocefpaf)
        * MDT
    * Conda-Pack
        * MCG
    * Ensureconda
        * 
    * setup-miniconda / setup-miniforge (github actions)
        * GPC - @goanpeca (1-2 hours per week?)
    * grayskull
        * MDT
    * conda-mirror?
    * conda-suggest?
    * conda-press?
    * conda-lock?
    * libronda
        * MCS
    * others from https://github.com/conda-incubator?

    
    * Discussion: 
        KF is creating/updating process documentation of conda/conda-build
        Permissions are needed to let people update -  need github ids
        members currently on call will be added for issue-management permissions to edit on repositories
        Triage during community call? (FF, MCG)- needs scheduling - some time in november?
        Kick-off meeting?

* Organize list on this hackmd on 'short term'/'medium term'/'long term' actionable items?
    * Priority order:
        * Roadmap: https://github.com/conda/conda/milestone/38
        * CLA

### New Agenda Items
* N/A

### Outstanding Items From the Previous Meeting
* N/A


### Active Votes
* N/A

### Subteam Updates
* Specification Subteam

#### Open PRs
* N/A

## Discussion
* 

## Action items

* Schedule community issue triage kick-off mtg -- ??
* Anaconda action item: get clarification about using "conda" trademark in community project names

## Previous Meetings


### Last Meeting 202001006

#### Action Items


#### Discussion
* Specification Subteam
    * New format for recipes
        * slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19R-h7yeyMF2BnzLKu8UFVVF1npgSwhcvorqBKnxy6qE/edit?usp=sharing 
        * Tool present for converting existing recipes
        * Goal:
            - Machine parsability (move information out of Jinja control structures, magic comments)
            - Cleaner model for multiple output recipes
            - https://github.com/mamba-org/conda-specs

* Extension on Depfinder project
    * CW: 
        * https://github.com/regro/libcfgraph/tree/master/import_maps
        * https://conda-forge.org/blog/posts/2020-10-02-versions/


### Move to Issue Tracker


### Current Action Items
