# DRAFT - 2021-01-26 Conda Community Meeting

* [Meeting link](https://meet.google.com/owq-kbca-abk)
* [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/Chicago/2021-01-26/09:00/b/Conda%20Community%20Meeting)
* [Last Meeting's Agenda and Minutes](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/tree/master/meetings)

## Attendees

| Name | Initials | Affiliation | Username |
| ---- | -------- |------------ | -------- |
|  CJ Wright    |   CJ       |   Lab49          |   @cj-wright       |
| Cheng H. Lee  |  CHL     | Anaconda        | @chenghlee        |
| Ralf Gommers  |   RG       | Quansight        | @rgommers          |
| Amy Williams  | AW         | Anaconda         | @adwilliams81      |
| Eric Dill     | ED         | DTN              | @ericdill          |
| Michael Grant | MG         | Anaconda         | @mcg1969           |
|               |            |                  |                    |


## Agenda

* Welcome


### Announcements
_None_


### Standing Items
* Anaconda: Organizational-level CLA
    * Anaconda legal team contacted; moving forward with Feb. delivery
* Conda Community website mockups
    * https://github.com/conda-incubator/assets/issues/2
* Blog post regarding why users should update to Python 3
* Outreach to invite more organizations to join this meeting


### New Agenda Items
* Revisit the meeting schedule. Should we change it to accomodate more people?
    * Maybe a new doodle? -> (CHL) Will put schedule a poll and announce via Slack, email
    * Ideally we should also ask conda-forge to be bi-weekly so we can use the same date and time allowing people attending both to reverse the slot for conda-community and conda-forge.
    * (CHL) Reach out to Intel, IBM to join community calls; (PW) Apple, Netflix; (RG) Pytorch

* Python Symbol table of conda-forge packages
    * https://github.com/symbol-management/cf-symbol-table


### Outstanding Items From the Previous Meeting


### Active Votes


### Subteam Updates


#### Open PRs

* N/A

## Discussion

## Action items
* Anaconda: update on organizational-level CLA
 
## Last meeting points (2020-1-11)
* Conda Community website mockups
* Dropping Python 2 support in conda, conda-build in base environment
    * https://github.com/conda/conda/issues/10180
    * https://github.com/conda/conda-build/issues/4024
* Should we have a permanent resource (e.g., blog post) saying why users should upgrade?
* Who else should we invite to this meeting?
    * Intel
    * IBM (POWER, RedHat -> containers)
    * Pangeo
    * CZI
    * [x] MRB: HPC centers
    * Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.
    * Others, as needed for specific topics
