# 2021-12-08 Conda Community Meeting

* [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505?pwd=SWh3dE1IK05LV01Qa0FJZ1ZpMzJLZz09)
* [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2021-12-08/17:00/b/Conda%20community%20meeting)
* [Last Meeting's Agenda and Minutes](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/tree/master/meetings)


## Attendees

| Name               | Initials | Affiliation   | GH Username     |
| ------------------ | -------- | ------------- | --------------- |
| Cheng H. Lee       | CHL      | Anaconda      | @chenghlee      |
| Jannis Leidel      | JL       | Anaconda      | @jezdez         |
| Matthew R. Becker. | MRB      | conda-forge   | @beckermr       |
| Jaime Rodríguez-G. | JRG      | Quansight/CF  | @jaimergp       |
| | | | |
| | | | |


### Introductions
* Anna Ng, Bianca Henderson, Ken Odegard (Anaconda)


### Announcements
* (JL) Dedicated conda team at Anaconda!
* (FP) Anaconda hiring team to support NB 6/7, migration to JupyterLab


### Standing Items
* Conda Community website mockups
* Outreach to invite more organizations to join this meeting


### New Agenda Items
* [x] CHL: Should this be the last meeting for the year?
    * Consensus --- yes; next meeting will be 2022-01-19
* [x] MRB: starting discussions on possible governance changes again
    * Goals are to:
        * align with ongoing work in the conda org (conda/cep, permissions, conda-archive, etc)
        * simplify some stuff
        * reflect how we are operating so governance is exercised and useful
    * https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/issues/35
* [x] MRB: core team emeritus invites
    * I will be making the PR today for folks who have not responded.
    * I plan to do another round early next year for a few more folks.
    * The goal is not to exclude people but instead to make sure our membership represents 
      those actively working.
    * If you'd like to schedule a vote to join the core team, let me know!
* [x] JL/JRG: libmamba in conda progress report
    * main feature PR: https://github.com/conda/conda/pull/10881
    * Target (experimental) release date: Q1 2022
* [x] JL: plugins implementation kick-off (CEP 2)
    * https://github.com/conda/ceps/blob/main/cep-2.md
* [x] JL: conda ticket triage changes
    * GitHub as single source of truth
    * future plans to add community members (once we've done a few triage rounds)
    * GitHub project board to track tickets (automated)
        * https://github.com/orgs/conda/projects/4
* [x] JL: moving outdated/unmaintained/obsolete into [conda-archive GH org](https://github.com/conda-archive)
* [x] JRG: Menuinst revamp is ready for review
    * https://github.com/conda/ceps/pull/8
    * https://github.com/conda/menuinst/pull/91
* [x] JRG: Branding changes on constructor's PKG installers
    * https://github.com/conda/constructor/pull/469
    * WV: old thoughts using CPack for monstructor https://github.com/mamba-org/monstructor/issues/2


### Outstanding Items From the Previous Meeting


### Active Votes


### Subteam Updates


### Open PRs


## Discussion


## Action items


## Last meeting points