# 2022-02-16 Conda Community Meeting

* [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505?pwd=SWh3dE1IK05LV01Qa0FJZ1ZpMzJLZz09)
* [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2022-02-16/17:00/b/Conda%20community%20meeting)


## Attendees

| Name                | Initials | Affiliation   | GH Username     |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------------- | --------------- |
| Cheng H. Lee        | CHL      | Anaconda      | @chenghlee      |
| Dave Clements       | DPC      | Anaconda      | @tnabtaf        |
| Matthew R Becker    | MRB      | cf            | @beckermr       |
| Bianca Henderson    | BH       | Anaconda      | @beeankha       |
| Jannis Leidel       | JL       | Anaconda      | @jezdez         |
| Filipe Fernandes    | FF       | CF            | @ocefpaf        |
| Ken Odegard         | KHO      | Anaconda      | @kenodegard     |
| Fabio Pliger        | FP       | Anaconda      | @fpliger        |
| John Kirkham        | JK       | NVIDIA        | @jakirkham      |
|        |       |       |       |
|        |       |       |       |


18 people total


## Introductions

* Katherine Kinnaman: 

## Announcements


## Standing Items


## New Agenda Items

- conda-libmamba-solver transition to new conda-incubator repo almost done:
    - Repo: https://github.com/conda-incubator/conda-libmamba-solver
    - some PRs need to be merged still to fix setup issues
    - Steps to try out:
        - https://github.com/conda-incubator/conda-libmamba-solver#trying-it-out
    - Performance testing ongoing PR:
        - https://github.com/conda-incubator/conda-libmamba-solver/pull/7
- (MRB) conda-forge annoucement: getting closer to "master" to "main" branch renaming for feedstocks
- Making sure license information in packages is correct
    - https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0639/
    - https://github.com/pypa/interoperability-peps/issues/46
    - Standardizing on SPDX identifiers for conda packages?
- (CHL) promoting some projects to "conda" org
    - Targetting conda-lock into "conda" org by SciPy
    - Grayskull is another good candidate
- (CHL) splitting out `conda index`, `conda skeleton` from conda-build
    - splitting out `conda index` would allow building better data services around packages


## Deferred Agenda Items


## Outstanding Items From the Previous Meeting


## Active Votes


## Subteam Updates


## Open PRs


## Discussion


## Action items


## Last meeting points


## What is this meeting for?

Various parts of the conda community already gather on a regular basis.  This meeting brings together all of these sub-communities for a community wide call.
